The Joe Rogan experience. Uh, that's why,
so I've been thinking about where are you going?
Uh, thing about going to Ghana for a couple months.
Oh.
[Inaudible].
Show me the outfit. Come on, man.
You know, this, I actually, I got this in, uh, I got this in, uh,
in, uh, you know, I don't get the go.
Nowhere. So you, you know, it's Z put off some flat.
Every now and then actually, and don't, don't sell this part. So, so that part,
make sure you don't catch that in the camera.
Uh, but this is, uh, this is from, uh,
Singapore, a random jacket I got over the holiday.
I've been thinking about going to Ghana, just cause.
I took, uh, African ancestry tests.
Apparently I'm Ghanaian on my father's side and I think
America is going to be,
it's very annoying now and it's going to be pretty annoying in November.
So if I can get out of here October, uh,
at least for two, three months,
just as an exploratory trip and get a different
perspective to, to live from right from work from,
and just a whole different zone for a bit and really dive in out there.
I think now is the,
is the time shifted and I love the idea.
I love it, especially now. Right?
You just released a special it's available free on YouTube right now. Yeah.
So like what better way to come up with new material than live in Ghana for a
few months,
right before the world explodes because it's going to explode no matter who
wins, man, I'm nervous to be here no matter who wins. It's.
Cause it's not a Biden is not a,
is going to be weird. Cause it's not. It's something to really cheerful.
Even if the plan is for him to pass it off and step down,
that's still weird. Yeah. If that's not going to be,
that's not smooth to step. Hey, I'm old. I'm just, I won.
I'm stepping down. That's that's gonna create a whole zone.
The only way that would ever work is if whoever his running weight was,
was preferable to him and everybody was excited about it.
Like someone who you would have voted for anyway,
and we don't even know who their running mate is right now. As of today,
July 8th, we don't know who that is.
But if the running mate is preferable to him and like, good,
he's going to be a woman. Good. Give it to her. Let her run it.
If it's like that, maybe it will be okay, but he's not even around.
He's hiding somewhere. He's in a basement.
I, I just am skeptical of him just because he,
he was vice-president as an old guy for eight years.
That means he was just jealous.
Just jealous. Look it over one day, one day.
It's SU that's too weird. That's too weird of a wait.
It is weird to make that move at this age is it should
be a cap 64 president.
Well, and I'm only saying 60 to be nice.
She really be 50 55.
Well,
when Reagan was president and he was the oldest president before Trump and then
dementia. Yeah. He wound up getting Alzheimer's right. Was it all time?
Uh, I think dementia.
I'll just never forget when I was an open miker it was like 1988.
There's a guy named Jimmy tingle who was a Boston comedy legend.
And he had this joke about Reagan on trial because reg was on trial and they
asked him if he ever sold arms to Iran. And he said, he couldn't remember.
And Jimmy tin was like, Mr. President.
If you ever sell arms to people who hate us,
jot it down, make a note, put it on your refrigerator.
Yeah.
You should. You should have some type of reminder.
Yeah. Yeah. He went out and we thought he was bullshitting. Like we were like,
she's just pretending he doesn't remember.
But then in the end he didn't remember anything like who knows if you remembered
that. Yeah.
Is that the age thing?
Is it that needs to be a
sort of cap because why you shouldn't be, first of all,
your,
any ambitions you have in your seventies should be private
things like carpentry or fly fishing, music production.
It should be price. Any,
you sit have anything at 70 that has to do with.
The larger populous. No, you go knit,
you go read and pursue something you wish you did when you were 32.
That's not involving millions of people.
I say that, but then I was, I was willing to vote for Bernie Sanders.
I was a Bernie Sanders supporter before he lost, you know, in the primaries,
I felt, I felt like his policies were interesting.
It could be an interesting way to shake up the country. Let's,
let's put focus on human beings and people in communities instead of just
money and foreign interventionists wars.
I think Bernie has some interest in policies and he should just,
you know.
Put them on a PDF. Is he the only one? I.
If they can't be that good, if he's the only one that can do that, no.
Pass him off and be the advisor on the side, you know,
have a, you know, have, you know.
Just give advice, you know,
guidance be the wise Sage,
the wise Sage. But at that age, you know, it's, uh,
the travel is, the travel is tough on a young, healthy person.
Yeah.